# GeoPose Sandbox

Welcome to GeoPose Sandbox, a testing environment to validate the different elements of the [OGC GeoPose specification](https://github.com/opengeospatial/GeoPose), with the goal of facilitating the definition and implementation of the standard. While this project is exploratory in nature, the (TypeScript) code is being primarily written with clarity/simplicity in mind and might offer guidance to those who are trying to implement the standard.

Additionally, to better explain the core concepts behind the GeoPose standard, this sandbox also includes a basic 3DUI system based on [Three.js](https://github.com/mrdoob/three.js/) that enables the creation of web-based presentations.


## Folder Structure

This projects follows a simple folder structure:

* **builds:** The JavaScript files generated by the build process, including a basic, module-based and minified versions.
* **docs:** The documentation files of the project including the auto-generated ones from the code.
* **examples:** Small example projects that use the GeoPose Sandbox to explain the basic concepts and the different applications.
* **sources:** The Typescript source files, divided in three basic parts (each dependent on the previous ones).
  * **data:** A collection of structures to facilitate the definition, conversion and serialization of Geopose-related data.
  * **logic:** The logic representation of the data structures (in the Threejs engine).
  * **user:** A relatively simple collection of classes to define user interaction spaces.
* **tests:** A collection of test that focus on different aspects of the Geopose
* **utilities:** The custom build system for the project and the files to properly


## Dependencies

To properly build this project with it is necesary to install the following Node packages,

* **Threejs:** (npm install three) The 3D engine the user interaction is based on.
* **Typescript:** (npm install -g typescript) Transpiles the Typescript code to Javacript.
* **Terser:** (npm install -g terser) Minifies the Javascript Code.
